(พี)
1 Before we talk about Ethereum, I want you to understand Blockchain. Blockchain is a huge database that resides every computer on the Blockchain network.

(ไนซ์)
2 Imagine a box. Inside it stores information. We call this box Block. The data in it will be encrypted, called Hash, and a new box. It will connect to this box and save the previous block's hash value, making it connect like a chain. So we call it Blockchain.

(บิ๊ก)
3 If the data is modified, the hash will change and cause the value to not match the hash in the next block. Blockchain is very secure. and to change the data Information on other computers in the network will be checked and found to be forgery.

(เกรซ)
4 You might understand that Blockchain is used to record digital money transfers, but it can actually be anything. Blockchain, whether it be hospital patient data. transaction information

(กัส)
5 In 2013, Mr. Vitalik Buterin developed Ethereum as an Open-source platform for Decentralized app.

(เนียร์)
6 There is also a feature that supports Smart Contract that is like an application program that allows people to use it. Developers can develop computer programs and run them on the Ethereum blockchain, so you can think of normal application development.

(เฟม)
7 when development is complete Must be installed on the Server machine somewhere, and if the Server is damaged Will that application run? So imagine that the application is on the Blockchain with millions of servers on the computer. The only way it crashes is to attack the entire computer.

(แพรว)
8 We call this kind of application. Decentralized Application or DApp, which pays in digital currency known as Ether or ETH as server rental fee.

(ไอซ์)
9 Users who bring their computers to process these DApps will also be paid in ETH. As more and more people turn to Ethereum, and users want ETH, the price of ETH has skyrocketed.

(ซัน)
10 When it comes to Ethereum from an open source point of view, there are many programs that other developers can use to develop their code. and published on Ethereum, whether it be financial applications, marketplaces or even games.

(เตย)
11 Open-source software such as COINTOP, real-time crypto-currency monitoring software. Or will it be the development of a protocol like the Official Go Implementation of the Ethereum protocol for the Golang language, this is all for today? Hopefully Ethereum will play a bigger role in our lives. and help create convenience soon